<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="faq" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>FAQ for AEM</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>FAQ</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Find answers to frequently asked questions about the AEM migration. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>Why is IBM moving to the Adobe platform?</title>
<p>Adobe is a strategic partner of IBM. IBM leadership has stated that a goal is to move IBM process
and applications to our strategic partner platforms. For more information, see the <xref
href="https://w3.ibm.com/cio/business-platform-transformation-bpt/our-platforms" format="html"
scope="external">CIO blog</xref>. </p>
</section>
<section>
<title>What is the time line for this migrations?</title>
<p>There is no time line for this migration at this time. We will let you know when a time line is
determined.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Will this migration impact my release or GA?</title>
<p>This migration will not impact your release or GA. Our plan is to automate much of the migration
and we also have help from Adobe experts for the migration.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>What documentation applications are impacted for this migration?</title>
<p>The following applications are impacted and will eventually be sunset. When the following
applications will be sunset is TBD.<ul>
<li>IBM Workflow Manager (WFM)</li>
<li>IBM Review Manager (RM)</li>
<li>IBM  Docs Manager (IDM)</li>
<li>IBM Docs COS Viewer</li>
<li>IBM Docs<ul>
<li>Product documentation</li>
<li>Announcement Letters</li>
<li>Sales Manuals</li>
<li>Redbooks</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Where will my source files be hosted?</title>
<p>Your source files will move from IBM GitHub repositories to Adobe Assets, which is part of the
Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) platform. IBM GitHub as a platform is not going away. Documentation
source files will no longer be stored in GitHub repositories.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Where can I go to get started on education?</title>
<p>At this point in time, you do not need to worry about education. We will provide detailed
education for all content creators at a later point in time. </p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Will the URL's change from today?</title>
<p>CAN SOMEON ELSE ANSWER THIS</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Will Markdown and AsciiDoc be supported on the AEM platform?</title>
<p>To be determined. DITA source files are supported on the AEM platform.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title/>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
